during hot season when you're best
friends that's going to be the
neighborhood juice in shakes canned so
I've got myself a mango shake here
actually got some ice cream with the two
these dried fruits on it this is just an
oasis in the sea of the heat that you're
going to have to face in North India can
find them almost every neighborhood a
lot of times they're on the corner of
two roads so they're aptly named juice
corners it's great you can get to make
you can get juices as well as shakes me
I'm always getting the shakes cuz my
sweet tooth but the juices are better
for you and they're easier to slurp down
quicker you know probably not so great
to just this much cold stuff in one
sitting but what happened the best mango
shake or juice I can recall having at
Delhi's probably at Nehru place I end up
going there a lot
I don't know if it's actually the best
but it's the one that I frequent the
most there's just one shape wall up
right in the middle of all these
computer shops I've had shakes there
many times it's basically just any place
you pick I feel like it's gonna have a
pretty good shake
the one in back at noida that we used to
go to me and my friend Arun was really
good
so Nick and guiity TV they put the rules
dry flannel pants on top candy
I've never had that before
white fresh you don't say that
it is quite possible that the mango
shake was the reason that I got super
sick the first time I was in Varanasi
within the first week I got something
that made me sick and I can't remember
if it was one of these that did it I
mean I don't really you never really
know what did it but it knocked me out
for the better part of a week ended up
in the hospital you do want to be kind
of careful but at the same time I still
remember that shake that I think may
have made me sick
back in Varanasi actually like that's
the one that sticks out my mind is being
super refreshing was it worth it well
the memory was so yes that's when I
remember now that the man
I don't know anytime I get something
like this I like that's just cool you
know it's cool to come to these places
like people will just are always people
lining up and cheers your sake suck it
down amazing how quickly people can
drink it shakes and juices on these
streets I'm like savoring mine but it's
already melting so I should probably get
to it
aside from the juice and Shake stand
there are other cool and refreshing
drinks that you can enjoy during the
summer such as lime soda now lime soda
comes in two different varieties you
have to
for the salty kind of me being the good
American with the sweet tooth always
prefer the sweet light shut up
it's so
it's just
lemon juice sugar and sparkling soda and
some ginger sometimes elebrate sometimes
ginger yeah
yeah really it worked like out and about
one o'clock season and we go to a
restaurant or something
this is definitely my first choice I
want a nice stretch
YUM fresh lime soda Roman what you think
help you replenish
sweating a lot all day so one of them is
another one is Nineveh Connie but today
definitely a bet in here
a little bit here and entering
I can handle this I know I couldn't
handle this probably three years
yeah I think it's pretty refresh
like if this in like any OPA
it's kind of like that but sweeter than
a VA yeah
we've got some dissolve in the masala
later
you're out in the mouth
thank you so much for watching the
surfing violinists check out our
webseries American Indian the more
polished documentary style reality show
version of our family's adventures in
India new episodes each month support
the show on patreon to help us keep
improving by clicking here and get to
see new episodes of month in advance
watch old episodes here also check out
our other series Holi Bali here thanks
for watching until next time keep you
creative keep it cross-cultural and keep
it constructive YouTube thank you very
much